1. Hello my name is Daniel Bulla and I want to share my experience with presentations in QML with you.
   First I want to ask who knows that the possibility exists to make slides using qml? And who already did a presentation in qml?
   - I think at the moment presentations in qml are a bit experimental with only a small community and I
   really wish that would change in the future, because it is an awesome technology for creating slides.
   So how did I came in contact with qml for presentations. One and a half year ago I did my master degree and wrote a bunch of text in LaTeX.
   I finished it, printed it and still had two weeks to prepare a presentation for my professor.
2. It was obvious that I could use Latex for my presentation but my professor is a very visual type of person.
   For example she wants a video in every presentation, lot of pictures are great.
   And I personally wanted to have some slick animations to help me to give an understanding of what my algorithms do.
   Don't understand me wrong, I want "slick" animations and nothing like these...
3. So you can do animations in powerpoint, but it's hard do make them precise and to use them on at the right spots.
   I will show you what I mean later, but lets start at the beginning.
4. You can get a presentation framework on github, which formely was also included in the qt-labs.
   And there is my fork, which basically has some components I created for my own reuse, but you are free to use them too.
   And I added the ability for slides to have multiple states
5. What you get is two classes, the Presentations class, and the Slides class, and the slides class will
   contain implementation for 90% of all slides you ever need, e.g. bulletpoints. So I talked about slick animations and brought an example,
   it's from my master thesis whch is in the topic of computergraphics and what you will see is the voxelisation of a 3dimensional normaldistributions.
7. When you see this slide you hopefully get a very good idea of what my algorithm is doing.
   I render this geometry to do the voxelisation.
   It can be optimized by cutting the corners.
   The final datapoint looks like this. And muliple of these get rendered into a shared 3D Texture which looks like this.
   When appliying a transferefunction it might look like one of these images.
   I could have done this with videos and play and pause it multiple times.
   But the videos would have to be made anyway and I think this is a way smarter. I could even copy paste some of my applicationcode into the presentation.
   Of course I chose the most colorfull animations from my application to impress this professor.
   But if a had a professor, which is absolutly fascinated about UI design, I might have use such a slide.
8. This is a great example of how you can put your qml application into slides and step through them one by one to discuss a prototyp with you stakeholders.
9. One and a half year ago it was a bit hard to get 3D into 2D Presentation but since we now have Qt3D this becomes a lot easier for slides.
10.Since 5.7 QtCharts is available for opensource developers. And Charts are also animated. I was suprised about how few lines of code are needed to embed such a chart.
11. What about vitual reality, everyone is doing vr at the moment. I think this is going to be importent in the future and some of us might do presentations in these virtual rooms. So I think we don't want to be restricted by this 2d rectangle and need dataformats, which support basic interactivity. E.g have a 3D Molecule in front of me and point at imporant parts of the structure.
